CentOS in the streets, Gentoo in the sheets.
unkimited burgking lifehack; become fat so when you eat foods that people say "make you fat!!" they do NOTHING
daily reminder that babies STILL exist and we have no idea how to stop them
I would love to treat such a fine maiden as thyself to a dinner, but the path of the gamergater is a lonely one...
parenting tips 1) store your babys in a thick safe so you dont hear their cries 2) get a rat instead of a baby, its faster &has longer tail
whitte ppl be like, lets store the ketchup in the fridge so it retains its ketchuplike properties
have you ever gotten so high that you wanted to smoke weed
Waiter, could you please remove this tiny disfigured horse from my sight? I find it unsettling. Sir, that is a dog.
and this year too I have received the award for highest status updates/friend count ratio on facebook, with 2133/0, thanks 4 all
Bonding tip: When in a public toilet, loudly proclaim "fuck, it smells like someone in the next stall is taking an enormous shit"
Relationship Tips: What to do if your ex keeps sending you photos of small birds
stuck at this cool party, but I can't hear the guy telling me the wifi password, the music is too loud
Sir, this is the last warning, if you forget to grunt after speaking one more time, you will be expelled from MANGYM, the Gym For Men ©
Well, "mp3 player" is a misnomer since mp3 is just one of the many formats it can play *listens to 11-second 4GB FLAC loop of Limp Bizkit*
LIFEHACK think about sports intensely when eating vegetarian food to avoid turning gay
grl: "i like you but i think of you more as a hollow abyss into which i submerge in despair" DAMN IT VOIDZONED agAIN
lmao just realized that >>bird blog<< is an oxymoron because >>blog<< already stands for >>bird log<<, i was not prepared to own myself
WHY DID NOBODY TELL ME THAT ANIME IS NOT COOL I SPENT SEVEN YEARS OF MY LIFE WATCHING ANIMES INSTEAD OF WORKINGG OUT NOW ITS WASTED
guys what are some good lifehacks to not cry about my life when eating microwaved tortillas with ketchup
how its going friends? did any illegal drugs recently? i just blazed two weeds and one mj, feels good to be a gangsta
TYPICAL TEEN: *sees a Bird* damn this is some edgar allen poe level shit........
Let's do this. Let's name our dog Sheldon. I truly hate our dog, my family, and everyone who will ever see the dog.
Our country has died. Japan has won the moment the first American teenager thought "Perhaps this anime cartoon is better than Super Bowl..."
"That's a beautiful baby, is it a boy or a girl?" it's a genderfluid plantkin you bigoted piece of shit
haha check out this gross thing i found at the end of leg it is called a "foot"
Get your priorities straight, your life is meaningless unless people dread your arrival and celebrate your departure.
Protein shakes have ruined my life.
My gender? I identify myself as a mass of snakes writhing in this prison of skin.
release a virus that makes white people turn black when they say nigga
implant rats in your uterus so ur baby can grind in womb and emerge as lv 44 monk
3 weird tips to become even less likable when you already enjoy tvtropes, homestuck, and bitcoin.
My greatest weakness? Guns. If you shoot me with a gun, I die, without honor or self-respect.
"just act casual" okay *downloads assassins creed*
haha french fries? do i look like a loser baby? give me AMERICAN fries, without any vegetables because i am not gay
how to enjoy popular culture without disassembling it on dedicated wikis, tvtropes, and similar establishments. how
the vibrator resonates at 666hz which opened the portal to hell and satan himself fucked me, A++++ would buy again
Here's the plan: We duckroll the president.
Dating Tip: Always wear welding goggles to be ready for some ad hoc metalwork.
add protein powder to your baby's bottle from the first days, don't let your baby grow into a nerd
Son, I saw you using metric units, are you gay? You can come out, we will always love you, just tell us the truth.
thanks dad for this 17 tons of sand this is all I was dreaming about since I turned dunecore
I am willing to accept a lower salary, provided I will be paid in dogecoins, and if you reimburse me for my reddit tattoo (check it out)
it is true that I stabbed that homeless man, but i also said nohomo after the fact, which basically means that youre the guilty one, officer
Ah yes, that was a rich game of Call of Duty®: Advanced Warfare. The only thing that is left is to shoot my classmates with a gun.
hey obama if you love america so much why dont you marry & kiss it? #owned #wrecked #anarchy
My secret to getting mad pussy? Chaos magic.
Friday evening, parents gone shopping, sister at the party. It is time to access atheistmemebase dot com
*sees toilet paper roll in the wall facing configuration* ah. Yes. Betrayed again.
Unlike my motivation to expand my skills and become a better human being, punk is not dead.
"aw yiss i summoned a genie from this old lamp time to get a wish & finally get laid" TOUGH LUCK KID I AM EJUZU THE EVIL EFREET OF VIRGINITY
Imagine tapestry doge. Tapestry no gf. Tapestry advice animals. All this potential never tapped into... This concludes today's memes class.
i will now shave my balls "perhaps you should keep that to yourself" I WILL NOW PROCEED TO SHAVE MY BALLS
FRIENDZONED BY OWN WAIFU
My name is no longer Joe, it's joe dot com #cyber
SHAME? I KNOW NO SHAME *puts on black doge tshirt*
You see these joggers running through the park? What are they running away from? Their past? Hell? You can't outrun hell.
this year's nobel peace prize goes to "http://kill-all-cishet-white-boys.tumblr.com ", congratulation
"Nobody can understand America. This is why I elected to destroy it." - katanamaster1995, words to live by
"Yes, it is vegan", I assure the patron as I add some honey to the lemonade. "Hail Satan our Lord and Savior", I mutter as I add more honey.
If you ever see me laughing, it is because I remembered something funny I said once. Not you. You are not funny you fuckstain.
Lifehack: sell your car to buy 120 playstations
15 Things Movies Get Absolutely Wrong About Space And You Should Stop Watching Films You Shit (PS. I Am A Physics Dropout Please Hire Me)
What am I looking for in a girlfriend? Powerful arms, resistant to elements, at least level 4 gun accuracy.
Fucking peasants, I am not listening to no "shanties", its called sailcore.
Whew, I'm soo bored. Time to open my Funbox *opens small wooden box, inside is a condom, a joint, and a Game Boy Advance*
"it is fruit so i wont get fat", you say to yourself as you shamelessly stuff the 45th banana of the day into your odious mouth
SETI and NSA cryptographers uncover the response to the arecibo message after 4 years of trying, it says "your gay fuk of".
10 Trigender Asexual Plantkin Inventors you had no Clue About You Fucking Cishet Piece of Shit
What if snake bites aren't fatal and the victims are just euthanized before the transformation into a reptilian is complete. 
Last night I heard a ruckus coming from my back door. Burglar? Try again, it was Obama, trying to take my Guns.
LIFEHACK: Keep breathing, if you stop you die.
This is the face of contemporary feminism. *pees while standing*
*holds up a football* IS THIS WHAT SPORTS IS THESE DAYS?
Haha, the classic Schrödinger's cat joke t-shirt, always relevant... Anyway, have you heard of "Homestuck"?
Ah, I miss the simple old times when if you cut yourself you had 50-50 chance of dying of infection.
Do you want to feel old? 2008 was 25 years ago.
raisins are dangerous do not touch them, i ate one and got cancer INSTANTLY & died
WHENEVER I SEE WHITE RED BLUE I THINK FRANCE AND NOT USA PLEASE HELP ME [hugs doctor's leg and cries]
Lifehack: shave before going to the computer store, this way they won't try to sell you linux merch.
I have no son. I cannot father a person who doesn't appreciate the subtle intricacies of Japanese animation (anime).
'i like eating corm and sucking dicks i am a despicable waste of biological resources hunt me down' - bird
Fig. 32 White Man Sitting on Toilet Without a Smartphone in Hand
OKAY WAKE UP SHEEPLE THE TRADITIONAL MUSLIM GREETING IS "DEATH TO USA" AND CUSTOMARY RESPONSE IS "OBAMA MUST BURN IN HELL" TRUE FACT
Thanks Dad! A keychain shaped like a skull that emits police siren sound when it detects weed is a perfect gift!
Fuck a female? What am I, some kind of a faggot? I fuck only two things: guns and sports (and monster trucks sometimes).
Serious question, are France and Italy the same country?
Guys I heard you have a secret math lab here. Can I come in? I have my own calculator.
what if you needed to print some excel files, mom? wouldnt you be proud that your son is a cyber goth then?
If u had to make a hypothetical choice between a name like (but 100% hypothetical rly) BluntMaster and JointRoller, which would you choose?
U.S.A. is annihilated in a nuclear apocalypse after a piece of shit admin changes nuclear launch codes to "correct horse battery staple"
banished to an alternative universe where instead of "hello world", the standard test program message is "anime is gay"
THIRD USE OF THE WORD <NERD> AND/OR <GEEK> IN A SINGLE ARTICLE DETECTED, DEPLOYING BEARS FROM COMPUTER
two more years until i get my own skeleton servant, my parents are such preps fml ;/////
Hey man, it would be super cool if you spoke lojban when having sex.
FIFTY BILLION PEOPLE ON THIS EARTH AND I STILL CANT FIND A GOOD DRUID FOR MY PARTY
'dad do you love me?' 'well son, love is a strong word'
when your'e at the doctor waiting for admission and he opens the door and says ＥＮＴＥＲ　ＴＨＥ　ＣＲＩＰＰＬＥＤＯＭＥ
straight people be like "I wish to participate in sexual intercourse with members of opposite sex."
"u have such a nice bod" "Do you mean my human flesh prison or my actual dragon body?"
why the fuck would you eat the protein when you can smear that shit through your skin directly into your bones fuCKING CASUALS
On one hand, I was apprehended by police and I'm doing 25 years. On the other hand, I have unlocked the Shoot Your Dad II perk.
yes it hurt when I fell from heaven, I broke my arm and three fucking ribs can we go on now
This is part of a user experience survey, please tell me which user name do you like more *shows cards with BALLSHAVER420 and BALLSHAVER69*
Damn it mike, I said DANK weed, not dark. I'm done putting up with your shit, get a priest and an exorcist and wheel your ass outta here.
mom i told you to call my room The Skeleton Zone
When giving your father a birthday card that says "I love you dad", NEVER forget to add "(no homo)".
ALL IMAGES MUST INCORPORATE A SKULL AND A STEAMROLLER
Okay, you touched an MTG card, but you can still be cool if you calm down and do exactly as I tell you.
bros i am not a fucking nerd sombody broke into my locker, removed all sports, and planted these animes, and im going to find who was it
"I am weak", you sob in tears as you stuff yet another McNugget between your greasy lips, "terminate me for I am a shame and a disgrace."
seeking a girl who will just suck my dick without shrieking 'i hunger' in demonic voice :/
a homebrew modified PS4 so it can play Games
"For releasing me, The World Oracle, from this confinement, I shall grant you an answer to any que--" "why is mike such a faggot"
Do all girls spew bees when they climax, or do I just have particularly bad luck with women?
damn babies, stop being so useless just crying and shit, get a job or something
"We're not going to investigate because the victim was a total nerd" - police chief Steve "Iron" Danger
So you're accusing me of being gay? Tell me, would a gay person be able to do THIS? *watches sports*
Respond to all questions by just flexing.
new research, mini usb connectors cause Cancer
ＤＲＥＡＭ ＯＦ ＦＵＣＫ
are your glasses vegan your murdering hitlerkin piece of shit
is your backpack even vegan
tumblr user discovers he's a white straight cis male, hangs self in shame
If I ever have a blood pressure of 420 over 69, don't intervene, just let me die gracefully as a god.
when someone compliments you on anything, it's polite to respond with "thanks it was very expensive you couldn't afford it"
When a meme-loving freak duckrolls you, respond with "but have you read your SICP today?" and start humming the SICP tune. This kills him.
"Choose your next words carefully, for they may be your last." "anime is gay"
waifu military discounts
[bodybuilding sounds]
[fitness sounds]
sports people explain this: i've been doing forearm exercises for three months now and i still have only two arms
you're fired for making a linux joke you filthy neckbeard vim using hippie
In every teenager's life there comes a time to decide: are you a cybergoth or regular goth?
TONIGHTS FORECAST COLD LIKE A DEAD NIGGA IN DA HOOD
THiS IS FUCK
"it is highly possible that magic the gathering is real" - scientific americal REAL
Artists Realize that Every Word Rhymes with Itself, Rap Game Changed Forever
LEARN HOW TO FUCK EFFECTIVELY 99.97% EFFICIENCY
Looking for roommate who will accept (or support ;) ) my dragon self and will not mind the occasional dragonlike behavior.
HERE IS A SMART TIP TO TURN YOUR TEE INTO A TANK TOP TAKE SOME SCSISORS AND CUT THE FUCKING SLEEVES OFF
Get larger penis INSTANTLY using steampunk technology
how to be Popular and cool @ parties free download
When you don't have sex for 17 months, you become a virgin again. This time is reduced by a month for every episode of anime you've seen.
Would you let your child watch Pokemon Adventure (japanese for "Demondevil Killamerica")? I don't think so. #stopPokemon
Become cool INSTANTLY with new formula
grow sick abs while watching animes AND being gay at the same time
What are some cool jock bro dude baby names? I want my son to have a successful life in the college of fuck.
WHY WONT ALL GIRLS I DATE STOp turnin into spiders
upload your soul to the cloud
If you wear more than six Puma-brand pieces of clothing, you can morph into an actual puma. #lifehacks
New element discovered, accidentally named "gaylordium IRL" due to a translation error.
Local neckbeard's one weird tip to opening a portal to dimension of fuck.
I will never forget my dad's death. His last words still ring in my head: "fuuuuuck aaaanime".
BEST dad be like "you piece of shit you ain't no son of mine unless you kill 100 nerds"
Cool dad be like "let's blaze some dank kush", but RAD dad be like "let's smoke some SATANIUM"
"If at first you don't succeed, it won't hurt to smoke some weed" -- Pope John Paul v2 #quotes #motivation
Dance constantly #LifeHacks
When you're at the checkout and about to pay, don't. Just pack the groceries and go away. You'll save money this way. #LifeHacks
Does your child visit suspicious websights like ILOVEANIME DOT COM? Punch some discipline into the little fuckface. Discipline and respect.
When looking for movie downloads, add "legal ONLY" to the search terms. This saves you from the Internet jail. #LifeHacks
Help me, I have this error on my document viewer: "ooo oooo ooooh woooo ghostscript eeeeeerrooooor ur computer is haaaaaunted"
As a punishment for mankind's sins, God gathered all the filth and evil in the world and packed it into two entities -- Hitler and bloggers
dr dre anime free download
My life became a mess after I got the flu shot, now a widely known mind controlling agent of the reptilians, thanks Obama!
Sir, the kidnapper called and he says, I quote, "enable javascript so i can make a ransom demand you fucking neckbeard".
Read manga SAFELY by hiding it in a cover that says 666 EXERCISES FOR TITANIUM ABS or HOW TO KILL NERDS
People have been saying that I'm gone. Perhaps it's you who's gone *shoots gun*
Make a joke about numbers and the phrase "i cant do this anymore, its too real", enjoy new xkcd randall munroe
Baby I will fuck you like Hitler fucked the Jews.
Damn obamo u da only nigga i trust
Install wizard? Son, this is a rational, scientific household, there will be no satanic wizardry on my computer.
Okay, how about a party where everyone wears a shitty costume, there's bad music playing, and at the end everybody dies of cancer?
Don't hate the game or the player. Hate the Jews, it always seems to work.
help me i became bear
WAIT! Stop the ritual right now! A pentagram has FIVE arms, you morons. You want to summon jews or something?
i was sexting my bf and i accidentally sent 'spank me u faggot' to the pope sorry
Archeologists discover records of an apparent warlord that went by the name of "Sperglord", experts not sure how to interpret it.
consider this: a bear-shaped nigga
What are you doing here Jeff? I invited you to starbucks ironically, you weren't supposed to actually come.
Thank you for choosing zubantu lunix distrobation can you send us your beard thanks
A bodybuilding store where you communicate only by grunting. When you leave, then shopkeeper says HNGH MF, which means thank you come again.
bro you can deny god but you can't deny these sick abs
Sir, there's one more thing. Our donor wants to be sure his liver isn't going to a bot. Please write the two words on this paper here.
you can't teach an old dog new tricks if that old dog is your grandpa and new trick is not having cancer
So you've been learning English for four years? I suggest either the Advanced level or the Nigga It Don't Get More Ghetto Than This level.
"knock knock" "whos there" "skeleton" "what skeleton" "ur skeleton cuz ur ded"
A man appears and says that you have been a dog all your life. What do you do? Remember, you're a dog.
Nonono, I meant extra virgin OIL. Sigh, you're hopeless. Escort this gentleman back to the magic the gathering tournament.
John is a nice baby name, but too common. How about Zorboman 4000? It tells a story! The story is "my parents are fucking hipster morons".
You have a problem with me? Let's meet up and talk it through near the Hall of Fucks Ungiven. Yes, I probably won't be coming.
Have an expensive dish called Baby Jesus Fetus with no description and when someone orders it, serve soggy bread floating in a jar of wine.
Enlist in the army and say that you want to learn some new finishers because you're tired of killing the homeless with the starting one.
Currently looking for personal harrowing motivator, you must be good at being hip and criticizing my every idea as "turbogay" or sth.
We're having a large sale of Anime for Dummies, order today and get a free boner.
call the hospital and ask if theyre having a lag because you killed a dude and he's not respawning
Of course you won't dial the number I gave you, it's in hexadecimal because I'm a nerd. Jesus, you don't even read xkcd, do you.
A FLASHING LINK TO AN ONLINE VIAGRA PHARMACY. I AM SO GOING TO CLICK THE SHIT OUT OF THAT FUCKER.
Saddam Hussein is very much alive and hiding as a dubstep artist. It is an easily proven fact.
I secretly replaced my son's xbox with a protein shake, I hope he doesn't realize and grows some muscle.
A renowned psychologist that always concludes that you are gay and tells you that not taking dicks up your ass might make you feel better.
Shit, I didn't know you meant that by "let's become anime". Shit. I already called the ambulance, cops are on their way too. Fuck.
You seem to have a white person problem, try deleting your facebook.
MMO is the satanic code for gay orgy. Do you know what YOUR child is doing on the internet?
A resume that consist of ALL I DO IS FUCK repeated on ten pages.
world peace & need 4 speed, these are my d r e a m s
My job is waiting for people to commit suicide, then switching their notes to ones that say im too gay 2 live sorry ps bury me with a dildo
Put that faggot salad in fat and deep fry that fucker like a man.
It's only a matter of time before we can upload ourselves into computers and witness the ascii dicks first hand.
INSIDE EVERY YOUNG BOY THERE IS. POTENTIAL BIN LADEN. MURDER YOUR KIDS FOR AMERICA AND FREEDOME.
The segway operates on a very simple principle: you're fat.
Next time you make that "what I owe to video games" poster, be sure to include becoming an ass or losing friends or autism.
do you even love me or do you love your xbox
Sorry, we can't tattoo a gun on your back, you're white. Let's see... what about "R E V E N U E" or "I N V E S T M E N T"?
So apparently at that time the server was accessed from an IP address of... "fartz". OK, the log seems legitimate, sorry to bother you sir.
Yeah I killed her. After all the bitch wasn't into trains, what is a fellow to do.
The "r u ready 2 fukk" shirt is manufactured only in 5XL, sorry.
Anime? Yes, that can be arranged. Purest Colombian anime. Come to Castle Park alone at noon tomorrow. My partner will be wearing a cool afro
'Benefit' is actually an alarm word and whenever you say 'friends with benefits' an economist wakes up somewhere and optimizes some profits.
i found out that my son was googling "how to become an anime character", should I be worried
If a die, place my skull on the table. Also write KEWL SKEWL on its forehead.
Experts agree that seeding torrents might lead to dizziness, nausea, limb loss, or death.
A father is legally allowed to kill his son if the son does not show interest in monster trucks.
there are exactly 666 bears around the world
There are no records to prove this popular fact, but it is well known that every suicide bomber hums the dragon ball theme before explosion.
Seventy trillion tons of bees.
Trademark the phrase "I'm not gay!" then call everyone gay and sue them for profit.
Riddle for today: On Site A there is a cute girl and on Site B there is a fat kid in a trenchcoat. Where is the anime convention?
German is easy. For example, ZERVOLGNEKLAST. I just told you to shoot your family.
$100 might seem like a bargain for an anime costume, but remember: it really costs the hundred bucks plus your dignity
Order out User Name Optimization service BEFORE: BigShaftLover AFTER: BgShftLvr SAVE UP TO 80%!!! YOUR USERNAME, YOUR WORLD
Go to the amusement park with your anime waifu and DEMAND that you are given a family discount.
THAT WASN'T AN AWKWARD DATE. WHAT IF YOUR DOG HAD SPONTANEOUSLY EXPLODED. NOW THAT WOULD BE AWKWARD BUT ALSO PRETTY COOL.
How much mana does a typical hobo have? I've been hitting one with a stick for 30mins and he's still not defeated, I think he keeps healing.
Before we have sex, tell me... what do you like most about trains? What train type is your favorite? How do you feel about turntables?
As your lawyer, I suggest suffixing "AFRICA" to your username, "MAXX_FETUS_FUCKER". This way, you can sue them for racism when they ban you.
Loserville called, they want their mayor back. I'm serious, there's riots, people are dying, please come as soon as possible.
If what you have is a ho and what you need is an armored war machine of mass destruction, tanksluts_com is EXACTLY what you're looking for.
GREETINGS, BRO. TRADE YOUR SLUT FOR TANK AT STEVE'S TANK EMPORIUM.
'ohhhh i ahve no friends on twittr and im gay' - u
Mommy think you're beautiful. Don't let other kids at school bring you down. They can't bring you down because you're so fat.
Ensure that your dog is balanced.
The writing that appeared in blood on your wall basically says your gay in latin.
im a bulldozer in bed, will you be my pile of debris
Flamingos Dance To Dubstep (Africa)
Three teenage girls decided to "have fun" with unsigned repository packages; found dead and mutilated next morning.
bug report i downloaded gimp and grew a beard instantly
anyone caught being cool will be forced to wear a bluetooth headset and die of shame
spinning dog
download free jesus
are cool free ringtones legal/halal?
more dicks than you can imagine
The tales of werewolves are actually exagarated stories of hairy homosexuals who didn't shave on full moon. Lycanthropy = cocksucking
A man accidentally eradicates a whole race of Jews and he's automatically a heartless monster. Wow. Racist much?
Of course you can't have sex with people who are still alive. Who told you that? The kids at school? How does that even make sense?
It's never too late for new things. Every moment of your life is an adventure opportunity. Now get in the fucking cage and fight the bear.
I don't even have to apologize. People get bitten in the balls ALL THE TIME.
"tablcat is very coo li wish he was pope of america" -- president barax obana
Theoretically wrong? The only thing that's theoretically wrong with Spiderman is that you're a fucking faggot.
barely legal teens playing halo 4
The virus displays a board with points placed randomly on it and instructs the user to sort them by color. When he does, he contracts autism
This relationship is over. Give me back my chainmail.
A "Turing Test" is the world's most famous and accurate way of determining whether a given individual could be considered homosexual.
Skrifastreng stofnlok. "GRUNNUR".
using hyphen nose in your emoticons = autism
hajimemashte gurl
NASA scientists prove that bitches _are_ shit, west coast baffled.
I am a woman and I can do anything *explodes*
I love my sister like a knight loves his steed: in the ass.
A skeleton walks in a bar and asks "can I have something to drink?" and the bartender says "no".
Please explain the following in your search history: hashtable cock, generic data types sodomy, purely functional programming anal
"Mazel tov" actually means "behold this human's transformation into the supreme Jew as he feasts on the flesh of the Goyim".
Do you have this jacket in nuclear XL?
Welcome to the internet.
youll die of terminal autism
I am not a big fan of SQL. Dropping tables is just not cool.
Yes, we could publish Kama Sutra in Klingon. You're brilliant, Lewinsky. A really good move. You're fired.
I am not interesed in reckless sex, woman. My guild needs me.
APPENDIX: As of today, COCAINE_DELIVERY_SCHEDULE.pdf is blocked too.
Note to employees: HOOKER_NUMBERS.doc is automatically blocked in Word, please save your reports under different names.
NO KISSING THE PATIENT DURING OPERATION.
im ded
I want you to die to death so that you're dead.
sorry i accidentally ate your children
Dickgrabbing Pete is just my name, it doesn't mean anything, really.
I was a lolcat once. I chose to forget.
This week, murder.
u watc nartuo? ur retarded & gay
Don't get me wrong, you're sexy and all. It's just that in my heart there is place only for Jesus.
He died as he lived: with a giant spiked dildo up his ass.
skrillex attacked by bear
WARNING: Reading the manpages might cause nausea, headaches, vomiting, spontaneous beard growth, and/or mild to severe autism.
The cats are gathering at their tables. Make a wish.
Take my Which Nigerian Prince Are You Quiz. Answer these questions. 1. What is your favorite color? [ ] yes [ ] no
my favorite book is paulo coelho and the chamber of secrets
the sneaky jews will transform into a ray of jewlight to gently walk across your face in the morning, scouring your memories for gold
I HAVE UPDATED MY WEBSIGHT WITH DYNAMEC CONTENT animation is dynamic content right
Forget it, it's NP-complete.
I like my coffee like I like my women, full of my own semen.
category theory was invented by jews as an aid in the 9/11 attacks
Complex numbers are a conspiracy that jewish bankers use to rob us of our gold. Wake up sheeple.
My baby is not kawaii enough, I would like an exchange.
アベルソンは大変コースを盗んでいきました.flv
Destroy her anus with the new SQL Server 2012 Ultimate free viagra
SHUT UP, SUAVE LISP SPACE TOAD
Since GParted is a POWERFUL tool capable of COMPLETELY DESTROYING partition tables and VAST AMOUNTS of data, only root may run it.
Warning: website contains more flash-animated cocks ejaculating across the screen than typical websites
You will be visited by three muscular black men today.
replace your ballsack with a ballstack for better insertion
do these google searches in order: "NOT child porn" "suck my dick" "fuck the police" "i know youre logging this you pigfuckers"
hello my kawaii bros
One day when I was 7 I was walking home from school, being all aryan and white, when all of a sudden an evil jew jumped out of the bushes.
Consider this: A pack of wild Tablecats. Cool, rad Tablecats nearing your flat table.
boku no kotatsu wa KAWAII dess. it means my table is kawaii (cute)
table equipped for illegal street racing
Ok here is my business plan: We buy powdered milk, but instead of adding water we add milk, making double milk.
nondeterministic fisting
Please come with me, sir. You're charged with having anime hair.
Let us build the eternal city of Zion.
impartial nudity
AUTISTIC SLUTS
smoke weed on hanukkah
Contrary to popular beliefs, Jews are capable of using simple markup languages.
who is up for a kindergarten raid
on scale of one to ten, your gay
sure as long as it's colombian it's fine
In general, adding numbers, underscores, or abbreviations can help you come up with a great available username.
itunes is an intricate zionist conspiracy that slowly strips you of your privacy ALL MUSIC IS JEWISH
Jews and Pottery: A Comprehensive Analysis of the Dangers of our World
keep jesus in your heart and not in your anus
JEWS OF MOUNT SINAI
dicksucking sharks
oh crap here comes the rapemobile
THAT'S AMAZING. I HAVE AUTISM TOO
